this Friday
once again gang and that means it's time
for our weekly visit between old great
hi there grabbing
God answers questions and riddles juice
and then when she Awards prizes for the
best things you sweep
right well thank you little dickie
summers and hello there once again
faithful viewer oh I had a wonderful
time last night Dicky no I'm glad dear
that granny what did you do
well I went to a concert in pariah and
given by Clyde are Clyde in his
orchestra oh really well what kind of
music did dear old Clyde play well on
the program it said it was going to be
chamber music Vicki chamber music yes
yes and the way he played it had to be a
torture chamber in the peaceful serenity
of the mountains of the Far East lives
the wisest of all philosophers confusion
now by way of the Bell star satellite we
visit this great man for his words of
wisdom of confusion who are doing the
past a thousand years
honorable ancestors and I have been
recording trite expressions for
posterity it was most honourable
grandfather of confusion who once said
it is the little things in life that
worry us we can dodge an elephant but
not a fly
jingle jingle all the way oh what fun it
is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh
oh what fun it is to ride in a one-horse
open sleigh
there'll be parties posting marshmallows
for toasting and caroling
No there will be scary ghost stories and
tales of the glories of Christmases long
long ago
it's nursery rhyme time featuring
interviews with famous mother Goose
characters and here with our special
guest character today is jumpin Jack
Mike you're lucky summers and welcome to
nursery rhyme time our special guest
today is the spider who frightened miss
muffet mr. spider
welcome to nursery rhyme time thank you
thank you thank you very much it's
certainly a pleasure to be here mr.
spider do you uh make it a practice of
frightening little girls
I never frightened a little girl in my
entire life
ah mr. spider I would like to say you
can call me spike oh thanks thanks very
much fun it's time now for us to journey
to old Napoli for our weekly visit with
Chef Luigi Tabasco whose culinary
masterpieces have gained for him the
title of the greatest Italian chef in
the world
and now here is the internationally
known Chef Luigi Tabasco to Italy here
in this country we have the school
system just alike to you in the Florida
we serve at a school and lunch it to all
of them abhi knows in the greatest
schools justa like-a you
I'm a pleaser telling you I haven't been
selected as it a number one a chef in a
parmigiana County right to here in Italy
I'm a thought that today I'm doing
something a special for you I'm a lemon
in my entire life and makeup um book in
a pie because we don't go to the
pumpkins around here in Italy so I'm a
send a place a call the pizza burger
Pennsylvania to get it a pumpkin I'm
gonna get a beautiful bigger all in your
pumpkin I'm a maker for you I bump in a
pie
I'm gonna break all the kinds of things
that would have punch a bigger pond
Mamma Mia never gonna tell me where you
gotta go from pump okay chef on the
widget Tabasco he's gonna giant as a
pumpkin you're like a hot dog it's a
stranger to pumpkin I'm gonna sing to my
life away about hot dogs in the chicken
but put it off in there
christmas time is here again
we're going for a slave
you